Hear me, and rejoice. You are about to die at the hands of the Children of Thanos. Be thankful, that your meaningless lives are now contributing to… The rabbit is correct, and clearly the smartest among you. Dude, don’t call us plucky. We don’t know what is means. Alright, we’re optimistic, yes. I like your plan. Except it sucks, so let me do the plans, and that way it might be really good. You’ll know when we’re close. Nidavellir’s forge harnesses the blazing power of a Neutron Star. It’s the birthplace of my hammer; it’s truly awesome.

My humble personage… bows before your grandeur. No other being has ever had the might, nay the nobility, to wield not one, but two Infinity Stones. The universe lies within your grasp. Little one, it’s a simple calculus. This universe is finite, it’s resources finite. If life is left unchecked, life will cease to exist. It needs correction.

Hear me, and rejoice. You have had the privilege of being saved by the Great Titan. You may think this is suffering. No…It is salvation. Universal scales tip toward balance because of your sacrifice. Smile…For even in death, you have become Children of Thanos. Right! That’s the point I’m trying to make. Apropos of that, last night, I dreamt, we had a kid. So real. We named him after your eccentric uncle. Uh, what was his name?  Yeah. You know what there should be? No more surprises. We’re gonna have a nice dinner tonight. Show off this Harry Winston. Right? And we should have no more surprises. Ever. I should promise you. The entire time I knew Thanos, he only ever had one goal: To bring balance to the Universe by wiping out half of all life. He used to kill people planet by planet, massacre by massacre… Good. Nice. Moral compass.We’re straight.  Eitri, this isn’t about your hands. Every weapon you’ve designed, every axe, hammer sword…It’s all inside your head. Now I know all hope feels lost. Trust me, I know. But together, you and I, we can kill Thanos.

Attachment to the material is detachment from the spiritual. Enough! We need to stop Thanos. Which means we need to find out where he’s going next. There’s six stones out there. Thanos already has the Power Stone because he stole it last week, when he decimated Xandar. He stole the Space Stone from me when he destroyed my ship and slaughtered half my people. The Time and Mind Stones are safe on Earth. They’re with the Avengers.  Is it sadness I sense in you, daughter? In my heart, I knew you still cared. But one ever knows for sure. Reality is often disappointing. That is, it was. Now… Reality can be whatever I want. Titan was like most planets. Too many mouths, and not enough to go around. And when we faced extinction, I offered a solution. You’ll know when we’re close. Nidavellir’s forge harnesses the blazing power of a Neutron Star. It’s the birthplace of my hammer; it’s truly awesome. Let’s talk about this plan of yours. I think it’s good, except it sucks. So let me do the plan and that way it might be really good.